Fichier Original: 
    ./testRessources/Boudin-Torres-2006.pdf
Title: 
A Scalable MMR Approach to Sentence Scoring
Abstract: 
redundancy with previously read documents (history) has to be removed from the extract.A natural way to go about update summarizationwould be extracting temporal tags (dates, elapsedtimes, temporal expressions...) (Mani and Wilson,2000) or to automatically construct the timelinefrom documents (Swan and Allan, 2000). Thesetemporal marks could be used to focus extracts onthe most recently written facts. However, most recently written facts are not necessarily new facts.Machine Reading (MR) was used by (Hickl etal., 2007) to construct knowledge representationsfrom clusters of documents. Sentences containing “new” information (i.e. that could not be inferred by any previously considered document)are selected to generate summary. However, thishighly efficient approach (best system in DUC2007 update) requires large linguistic resources.(Witte et al., 2007) propose a rule-based systembased on fuzzy coreference cluster graphs. Again,this approach requires to manually write the sentence ranking scheme. Several strategies remaining on post-processing redundancy removal techniques have been suggested. Extracts constructedfrom history were used by (Boudin and TorresMoreno, 2007) to minimize history’s redundancy.(Lin et al., 2007) have proposed a modified Maximal Marginal Relevance (MMR) (Carbonell andGoldstein, 1998) re-ranker during sentence selection, constructing the summary by incrementallyre-ranking sentences.In this paper, we propose a scalable sentencescoring method for update summarization derivedfrom MMR. Motivated by the need for relevantnovelty, candidate sentences are selected according to a combined criterion of query relevance anddissimilarity with previously read sentences. Therest of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2We present S MMR, a scalable sentencescoring method for query-oriented update summarization. Sentences are scoredthanks to a criterion combining query relevance and dissimilarity with already readdocuments (history). As the amount ofdata in history increases, non-redundancyis prioritized over query-relevance. Weshow that S MMR achieves promising results on the DUC 2007 update corpus.
